[Music]
maybe it's a new
beginning maybe it's a start of where it
ends I know I
[Music]
know it comes down to all of nothing
this time is for real we can't pretend
you know you
know they're closing in and I don't want
to miss a
shot
adrenaline so give it everything that
you got don't
stop in your eyes I see us fire lighting
up as we getting away there's no going
back and I'm holding the
Chaser where you
go I fall although when I give it up
never hitting the breakes there's no
going back and I'm living your another
Chase
o when I giv it up never hitting the
breakes there's no going back and I'm
Ling I'm CH I can hear my every heart
beat I can feel the blood rush through
my veins you know you
know somewhere in the distance the sun's
coming up everything is blurry the trees
flashing by my
side my
side we're far ahead The Horizon never
seems so
close the sky is red we're not out of
the words get you know don't
stop in your eyes I see us side lighting
up as we're getting away there's no
going back and I'm holding
Chaser where you
go I
[Music]
follow can't get
[Applause]
[Music]
closer
oh
[Music]
yeah
n
[Music]
I caught you on a good
day I was doing fine and a fire that was
still she called
me telling me your lies yeah your lies
yeah I give it all to you wasn't enough
for you baby you're so cool guess it's
no news you would bring me
heartache but all they time time I could
even score [__] with your friend like
you did mine but you don't matter no
more and I'm not the Harless kind of
type my
nemeses you used to be my
nemeses but I ain't got the
time to let you bring me
down I'm done with it cuz now I see the
benefit I'm saving so much
time no vengance on my
mind
[Music]
my
nemeses you used to be my
nemeses but I ain't got the
time to let you bring me
down I'm done with it cuz now I see the
benefit I'm saving so much
time no vengance on my
mind I'm done with it cuz now I see the
benefit I'm saving so much
[Music]
time I be turning
around
[Applause]
[Music]
turn
be
coming
[Music]
no
only
Going Underground under under under
under undergound yeah going
underr under yeah going
[Music]
under yeah going under
ground
[Music]
W
only hold
underr
going underr under under under underr
yeah going underground
underr yeah going
[Music]
under yeah
under
[Music]
yeah we never said
exclusive I just promised you my time
and I'm giving it to you babe so why you
being
accus your emotions running wild if you
don't calm down I can't stay Brea in
breathe out let me speak now what
happened was the one time thing no
[__] no lie I swear I'll try to give
you my
everything baby can't you turn up blind
let it slide let it
slide look the other way this one time
let it SK let
it I'm intitled to some fun while I'm
young and done swear to the one I want
in a long run baby let
it oh baby let
[Music]
it I'm tired of
explaining how I choose to live my life
cuz I told you in
started instead of just
complaining you could try to treat me
right but you got to get off your head
breathe in breathe out let me speak now
what happened was the one time
thing no [__] no lie I swear I'll
try to give you my
everything baby can't you turn a blind
let it slide let it slide
look the other way this one time let it
slide let it
slide I'm entitled to some fun while I'm
young and done swear to J what I want in
a long run baby let it
slide oh baby let it
[Music]
slide I'm entitled to some fun while I'm
young and
done I want in a long
baby oh
[Music]
baby